Where do you plan for the startup physically to be after the program?                                  
Mobile Number (include country code)                                  
Skype ID                                  
Google Hangout account                                  
How long have all founders worked together as a team.                                  
How many founders are there?                                  
How many developers/engineers are there on the team?                                  
Employees: Not including the founders, how many additional employees are there?                                  
Employees: Please provide any Github URL and LinkedIN URLs for employees                                  
Supply links to anything interesting this team has built together in the past                                  
Can all founders attend the entirety of the TechStars program in person?                                  
If not all founders can attend the program in full, please explain.                                  
How did you meet your co-founders?                                  
What is your primary role in this business (what would/should it say on your business card)?                                  
If you answered 'Other' for the role you would list on your business card, what is it?                                  
Founder skills and background                                  
What is the approximate annual salary in USD you would expect working for a medium sized tech company (&gt; 50 million in revenue) in the region where you live.                                  
How many years of full time work experience do you have directly managing people in a relevant field?                                  
If accepted, will you work full time on this startup with no other external obligations?                                  
If you cannot commit to working fulltime on this startup if accepted, please explain.                                  
Tell us something impressive you have personally built or achieved                                  
Provide a 1 minute video demo of your product. Please *only* post a video demo of your product or prototype. Videos longer than 1 minute will not be viewed                                  
What is the URL for your website/demo etc?                                  
What is different/interesting/new about your business?                                  
Who are you selling to/do you plan to sell to in the next year?                                  
What monetization models are you using/do you plan to test in the next year?                                  
Explain how you intend to (or already do) find customers?                                  
Who are your competitors? What differentiates you? Include URLs                                  
What is the most recent product or traction milestone of the business?                                  
What is your next milestone for this business and how long will it take you to reach it?                                  
What date did you start this company?                                  
Are you already incorporated?                                  
What is the total amount of cash invested to date in this startup?                                  
Enter the approximate person-months the team has worked on this startup.                                  
How are you dividing equity amongst founders, and if you have other shareholders how much do they own?                                  
What is the current monthly cash required to pay all founders, employees and expenses (gross burn)?                                  
How much total revenue has your startup had in its lifetime?                                  
How much revenue has your startup had in the last month?                                  
Do you plan to raise money in the future? If so how much and when?                                  
Name TechStars alumni/mentors that you know and any notable mentors/investors/advisors that you want to tell us about.                                  
The Global Accelerator Network is an invite-only, exclusive network of the top mentorship-driven accelerators located around the world.                                  
